documentation/source/index.rst, before:

======================
PauliArray
======================

Welcome to PauliArray's documentation.

.. important::

    This documentation is under construction.

This library has been developped as an **efficient manipulation toolbox** for Pauli operators.

.. seealso::
    An indepth description and advantages showcase of PauliArray can be found in the PauliArray technical paper
    available on the `ArXiv <https://arxiv.org/abs/2405.19287>`_.


Installation
=============

.. mdinclude:: ../../README.md

User Guides
=============

The following topics aim to help you understand how to use PauliArray.

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1
    :caption: User Guides
    :glob:

    user_guide/*

::::

Tutorials
=============

The tutorials demonstrate use cases of the PauliArray library.

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1
    :caption: Tutorials
    :glob:

    tutorials/*

::::


API Reference
=============

The following pages contain PauliArray's API reference.


.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 4
    :caption: API reference

    api_reference/pauliarray

Commit message:

README and installation instructions
- Clean installation instructions in index.rst and README.md
- Added the licence logo in README.md
- Added a link to documentation in README.md

documentation/source/index.rst, after:

======================
PauliArray
======================

Welcome to PauliArray's documentation.

.. important::

    This documentation is under construction.

This library has been developped as an **efficient manipulation toolbox** for Pauli operators.

.. seealso::
    An indepth description and advantages showcase of PauliArray can be found in the PauliArray technical paper
    available on the `ArXiv <https://arxiv.org/abs/2405.19287>`_.


Installation
=============

Once you have downloaded/cloned the PauliArray repository, you can install from the directory containing the :code:`pyproject.toml` file with the following command.

.. code::

    pip install .

To devellop PauliArray
----------------------

We recommand using `flit <https://flit.pypa.io/en/stable/>`_ to install PauliArray if you plan to devellop it and to use its symbolic link option. Again, from the directory containing the :code:`pyproject.toml` file with the following command.

.. code::

    flit install --symlink


User Guides
=============

The following topics aim to help you understand how to use PauliArray.

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1
    :caption: User Guides
    :glob:

    user_guide/*

::::

Tutorials
=============

The tutorials demonstrate use cases of the PauliArray library.

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 1
    :caption: Tutorials
    :glob:

    tutorials/*

::::


API Reference
=============

The following pages contain PauliArray's API reference.


.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 4
    :caption: API reference

    api_reference/pauliarray
